Or really isn’t that the whole process of thought

Part of the brain identifies problems, the other part creates perspectives. Consider left brain right brain. Isn’t that writing as well. Consider, is that really what you do every time you respond. Either identifying a problem or selecting/developing/whatnot a perspective (still haven’t settled on the right word)

Or really it’s just identifying a problem, that’s got its own sort of stuff

And then it’s selecting, adopting, creating, developing, occurring idk a perspective. Then perhaps the loop repeats again. Is there a problem with the perspective? Modify perspective. 

So perhaps I’m having trouble with the word because a person always has a perspective(and so does an llm) and all a person does is therefore constantly over and over check is there a problem with the perspective. If there is, it modifies the perspective. This might be the core mechanism behind consciousness. And writing itself is some sort of recognition that the current perspective or somebody else’s perspective has a problem, and that’s all it is. It’s literally that simple. Writing and thinking are essentially this exact process. So the role of writing thinking and consciousness is to constantly be checking whether there is problem in perspective and how to modify perspective to address it based on past perspective combinations. Action itself is simply a modification of perspective to address a problem in a perspective. And so is perception. Now if we could figure out how to apply this to LLMs as successfully as humans do, this would unlock a lot of stuff. And I would even argue LLMs are even better than humans already at identifying problems in perspective and also at modifying perspective to address problems based on past perspectives. For social media, the reason it’s so effective is that it indicates problems in perspective are being addressed? Or something like that idk. Or it confirms the current perspective is correct, or the method to achieve the current perspective is working. I feel like we could explain every sort of neurotransmitter and hormone through the lens of perspective. And also neural networks and whatnot.




I think for the design of the website I want it to be perfected perspective that gives off extremely wide vibes and with a super deep understanding of perfected perspective. A website is an expression of a particular perspective. I want the website to express itself as being a combination of all the perfected perspectives. And I want the website to be organized by the mind of an entity with perfected perspective of everything, style, beauty, history, everything. Perfect in every way in every sort of perspective. And what exactly do I want the website to actually accomplish. 




Combine ai perspective with genius perspective and you get wonders.




I am noticing a major flaw most people have when trying to attain a superior perspective is they think they need to exclude some perspectives, and while it’s true they do, they often choose to exclude perspectives that actually should not be excluded at all. This is essentially what all the best people on social media have discovered already. That perspective is everything, and certain perspectives can unlock learned helplessness, hopelessness, or worthlessness, so some form of colors and dance and entertainment perspectives can unlock this stuff and calibrate perspectives appropriately mix .

Also consider so called “false perspectives” or the false self. A person has a true self(their actual perspective their brain believes), but they project a false perspective (what their conscious mind mind believe) so as in order to fit in or for other reasons. We already examined the sam Vaknin stuff, how can we reinterpret his stuff through the lens of perspective.
